SC-17155 Add NTLM support (#516)
sematext/docs: docs/synthetics/http-monitor.md

## Authentication

### Bearer / Access Token

You can **dynamically fetch a token** for each run with token support and pass that token in your API requests. 

When creating an HTTP monitor, navigate to the Authentication tab and select **Bearer/Access Token** authentication option.

![Access Token Authentication](../images/synthetics/authentication-token.png)

Enter the access token URL and the source field to get the token from response. Enter body parameters to fetch the token such as grant-type, username and password.

Before Sematext calls the endpoint, an access token will be fetched based on the parameters entered within this tab and it will be passed to the API request.

### Basic Authentication

> You can select **Basic Authentication** option within the Authentication tab and pass username and password to connect your **protected APIs**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can select the **Basic Authentication** option within the Authentication tab and add the username and password needed to connect to your **protected APIs**. 
```

![Basic Authentication](../images/synthetics/authentication-basic.png)

### NTLM Authentication

You can select the **NTLM Authentication** option within the Authentication tab and enter your credentials. Both NTLMv2 and NTLMv1 are supported.

![NTLM Authentication](../images/synthetics/authentication-ntlm.png)

> You can further configure authentication using the **Advanced Configuration** section. If no advanced configuration is specified, default empty values will be auto-generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also fill in the optional **Domain** and **Workstation** fields in the **Advanced Configuration** section, if those are required for your setup. If no advanced configuration is specified, default empty values will be auto-generated.
```

### Header-based Authentication

> HTTP monitors also support header-based authentication. Custom HTTP request headers can be specified when creating a monitor. To use Basic authentication, add a custom request header according to the following specifications:

Reviewer: I wonder if we should move or delete this segment because it mentions Basic authentication, but it does give an example of how to authenticate using headers so it also serves a purpose here as well.
